Document User Login Filter for LDAP authentication providers (#2116)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.11/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/authentication-config/configure-active-directory.md

| User Member Attribute | The attribute containing the groups that a user is a member of. |
| Search Attribute | When a user enters text to add users or groups in the UI, Rancher queries the AD server and attempts to match users by the attributes provided in this setting. Multiple attributes can be specified by separating them with the pipe ("\|") symbol. To match UPN usernames (e.g. jdoe@acme.com) you should usually set the value of this field to `userPrincipalName`. |
| Search Filter | This filter gets applied to the list of users that is searched when Rancher attempts to add users to a site access list or tries to add members to clusters or projects. For example, a user search filter could be <code>(&#124;(memberOf=CN=group1,CN=Users,DC=testad,DC=rancher,DC=io)(memberOf=CN=group2,CN=Users,DC=testad,DC=rancher,DC=io))</code>. Note: If the search filter does not use [valid AD search syntax,](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/adsi/search-filter-syntax) the list of users will be empty.  |

> | Login Filter | An optional LDAP filter expression that narrows down which users can log in to Rancher based on user LDAP attributes. The User Login Filter must be a valid LDAP filter expression enclosed in parentheses that evaluates to true. For example, to only allow users who are members of a specific group to log in, you could use <code>(memberOf=CN=rancher-users,CN=Users,DC=acme,DC=com)</code>. Note: The User Login Filter is independent of the User Search Filter but in many cases should either match it or produce a subset of results of the latter. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Login Filter | An optional LDAP filter expression that narrows down which users can log in to Rancher based on user LDAP attributes. The User Login Filter must be a valid LDAP filter expression enclosed in parentheses that evaluates to true. For example, to only allow users who are members of a specific group to log in, you could use <code>(memberOf=CN=rancher-users,CN=Users,DC=acme,DC=com)</code>. Note: The User Login Filter is independent of the User Search Filter but it should generally match the search filter or produce a subset of those results. |
```
